Abstract: Tweet Analytisis allows me to view audience insights for all Twitter users, 
 followers and organic audience. Additionally. It is very important to know how people  thinks about some subject  and they  feelings. The data anlysis used is call Sentiment
 Analysis using the package  Scikit-Learn, gensim etc.., which analyse  word in order to get  the sentiments.
 
 Introduction :
 Sentiment analysis refers to identifying as well as classifying the sentiments that are expressed in the text source. Tweets are often useful in generating a vast amount of 
 sentiment data upon analysis. These data are useful in understanding the opinion of the people about a variety of topics.Therefore we need to develop an Automated 
 Machine Learning Sentiment Analysis Model in order to compute the customer perception. Due to the presence of non-useful characters (collectively termed as the noise) 
 along with useful data, it becomes difficult to implement models on them.After we selected  audience, we can see things like:Top Interest(The subject most likely to be in 
 common with your audience),Top Language( The top language among your audience), Top Interest Type (The most common lifestyle category for your audience).
 MLOps is a practice for collaboration and communication between data scientists and operations professionals to help manage the production ML lifecycle. It is an
 ML engineering culture and practice that aims at unifying ML system development (Dev) and ML system operation (Ops).  MLOps drives insights you can trust and put into play 
 more quickly in a controlled manner.  It provides the ability to understand or value something/someone quite new to you.
 
 Data:
The dataset was downloaded directly from Twitter Developer Platform  using the link "https://developer.twitter.com/en" after registration. I used the Twitter API to firstly 
download daatset, in order to  listen to and analyze the public conversation, engage with people on Twitter,
and innovate . The data  contains 5621 rows  and 21 columns which represent variables . 




Methods :
Practicing MLOps means that you advocate for automation and monitoring at all steps of ML system construction, including integration, testing, 
releasing, deployment and infrastructure management.

The steps include:

a data pipeline providing up-to-date, validated and preprocessed data (Feature Store)
an development environment to experiment with building models
a training pipeline that allows you to create ML models from the data
a continuous training pipeline that automates created training pipelines
a model deployment process that allows you to take your (chosen) model to production
a model performance monitoring process that (automatically) checks if model performance is still good or decaying.


Firstly , all codes I wrote was sent   on GitHub  in order to check the  pleausibily and to share  what my script and i merge the branch containing my script to master. I 
after that associate  my GitHub to TRAVIS-CI,  which allow me to use the unittest and check step by step  each code i impleament . 
the unittests allowed to test new code in existing code base and people can proceed to implement new functionalities to your code. To well analysis the data 
I after make a data pre-processing (e.g. can easily impute missing values, make an automatic normalisation and transformation ) using package such as  pandas, numpy. 
I make	Topic modelling and sentiment analysis using scikit-learn, Gensim to model the topics discussed in the tweets and their sentiments.



Results: 
I got some beautifull picture of words which describing the most used word  , using by people  to describe covid-19   under package  as world_cloud. 











 
 
